<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept_isy_whz_4r">
 <title>System requirements</title>
 <shortdesc>This section explains the prerequisites to install <keyword id="Product_name_short">HPE
   RTMS</keyword> on a system.</shortdesc>
 <prolog>
  <author/>
  <metadata>
   <prodinfo>
    <prodname/>
    <vrmlist>
     <vrm version=""/>
    </vrmlist>
    <component/>
    <featnum/>
   </prodinfo>
  </metadata>
 </prolog>
 <conbody>
  <ul id="ul_psz_1qb_qv">
   <li>The following table summarizes the hardwire, software, and operating system requirements:
     <table frame="all" id="table_hck_btc_pr">
     <title>hardwire, software, and operating system requirements</title>
     <tgroup cols="2">
      <colspec colname="c1" colnum="1" colwidth="2.44*"/>
      <colspec colname="c2" colnum="2" colwidth="1*"/>
      <thead>
       <row>
        <entry>hardwire</entry>
        <entry>Operating system </entry>
       </row>
      </thead>
      <tbody>
       <row>
        <entry>DL380p or BL460c Series server with the following configuration:<ul
          id="ul_ewt_qfc_pr">
          <li>2 x 8 core Gen8 CPU clocked at 2.6GHz or better</li>
          <li>64 GB or higher RAM</li>
          <li>6 x 1.2 TB 10K RPM Hard Disks configured in RAID 6</li>
          <li>2 x 1 Gbps NIC cards</li>
         </ul><note>For BL460c series servers, the number of disks in a blade is limited. This
          limits the total number of nodes that can be monitored by RTMS unless complimented with a
          storage blade and/or a disk array, which is used for the database
           storage.</note><p><uicontrol>Virtual machines</uicontrol></p><p>Recommended configuration
          of VMs:<ul id="ul_yh3_4vm_2db">
           <li>20 vCPUs, 64 GB RAM and 1 TB ROM</li>
           <li>6 vCPUs, 32 GB RAM and 1 TB ROM</li>
           <li>4 vCPUs, 16 GB RAM and 1 TB ROM</li>
          </ul></p><p>Specification of servers used for creating VMs:<ul id="ul_wx2_svm_2db">
           <li>hardwire Type: ProLiant DL380p Gen8</li>
           <li>Number of CPU’s: 2</li>
           <li>CPU Type: Intel(R) Xeon(R) CPU E5-2670 0 @ 2.60GHz with 8 Cores</li>
           <li>RAM: 128 GB</li>
           <li>Hypervisor: ESXi 6.5</li>
          </ul><note>CPU locking is ensured in all the VM configuration.</note></p><p><uicontrol>IP
           requirements</uicontrol><ol id="ol_xyk_grj_pdb">
           <li>For HA deployment, two additional floating IPs are require for the following IPs:<ul
             id="ul_mjf_dgt_jdb">
             <li>Virtual_IP - Used for pacemaker</li>
             <li>Delegate_IP - Used for database connection and replication</li>
            </ul></li>
          </ol></p></entry>
        <entry>
         <p>HOCOE version JA286-15048 (RHEL 7.5 - 64 Bit)</p>
        </entry>
       </row>
      </tbody>
     </tgroup>
    </table></li>
   <li>For required dependency packages for standalone and HA, see the respective RTMS dependency
    packages section.</li>
   <li>The following table summarizes the Linux Redhat configuration information:<table
     id="table_xbv_tmj_qv">
     <title>Disk requirement</title>
     <tgroup cols="3">
      <colspec colnum="1" colname="c1" colwidth="3.42*"/>
      <colspec colnum="2" colname="c2" colwidth="1*"/>
      <colspec colnum="3" colname="c3" colwidth="1.18*"/>
      <thead>
       <row>
        <entry>Filesystem</entry>
        <entry>Size</entry>
        <entry>Mounted on</entry>
       </row>
      </thead>
      <tbody>
       <row>
        <entry><codeph>/dev/mapper/VolGroup00-root_vol</codeph></entry>
        <entry>9.9 GB</entry>
        <entry><codeph>/</codeph></entry>
       </row>
       <row>
        <entry><codeph>/dev/mapper/VolGroup00-home_vol</codeph></entry>
        <entry>4.0 GB</entry>
        <entry><codeph>/home</codeph></entry>
       </row>
       <row>
        <entry><codeph>/dev/mapper/VolGroup00-opt_vol</codeph></entry>
        <entry>4.0 GB</entry>
        <entry><codeph>/opt</codeph></entry>
       </row>
       <row>
        <entry><codeph>/dev/mapper/VolGroup00-tmp_vol</codeph></entry>
        <entry>2.0 GB</entry>
        <entry><codeph>/tmp</codeph></entry>
       </row>
       <row>
        <entry><codeph>/dev/mapper/VolGroup00-var_vol</codeph></entry>
        <entry>1020 GB</entry>
        <entry>/var</entry>
       </row>
       <row>
        <entry><codeph>/dev/mapper/VolGroup00-var_vol</codeph></entry>
        <entry>152 GB</entry>
        <entry><codeph>/var/crash</codeph></entry>
       </row>
       <row>
        <entry><codeph>/dev/mapper/VolGroup00-var_vol</codeph></entry>
        <entry>1.0 GB</entry>
        <entry><codeph>/var/log/audit</codeph></entry>
       </row>
      </tbody>
     </tgroup>
    </table></li>
  </ul>
  <section><uicontrol>BIOS Workload Settings</uicontrol><p>Prior to installation of the RTMS VNF on
    a set of compute nodes, verify that the HPE Power Regulator settings on each compute node is set
    to <uicontrol>Static High Performance Mode</uicontrol>.</p><p>HPE servers have a HPE Power
    Regulator BIOS level setting that control the frequency of the processor. The default setting is
     <uicontrol>Dynamic Power Saving Mode</uicontrol> which lowers the CPU frequency in the interest
    of decreasing power consumption. This can result in lower than expected VM performance. since
    the CPU is not operating at full speed. For many Linux type applications, where latency is not a
    factor, this may be appropriate. However, for RTMS, where execution latency is critical to
    capacity, this is an major issue because, it impacts the capacity of the solution. The
     <uicontrol>Static High Performance Mode</uicontrol> setting causes the CPU to operate at max
    frequency and is the industry recommended setting for applications that have high capacity or
    low latency needs.</p><p>For non-HPE compute node hardwire, that manufacturer’s configuration
    settings must be checked to see, if a similar setting exists and the equivalent change to a
     <uicontrol>High Performance</uicontrol> value made.</p></section>
 </conbody>
</concept>
